MY GOD,
SHE IS GORGEOUS.
EVEN I CAN
APPRECIATE THAT.
(SIGHS)
AND THIS ONE,
SHE KNOWS HOW TO
TURN ON THE FUN.
YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN?
CAN YOU AFFORD HER?
PLEASE, JACK, DO NOT
TARNISH THIS MOMENT
WITH TALK OF MONEY.
I'M JUST SAYING--
I MUST HAVE HER,
THEREFORE
I CAN AFFORD HER.
HER...
AND ALL OF HER
LITTLE TOYS, TOO.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS EVEN GONNA
DO WITH SOMETHING THIS BIG?
I MEAN, IT'S
KIND OF GROTESQUE,
NOT TO MENTION THE FACT
THAT EMMA'S GONNA FREAK OUT
WHEN YOU DRAG THIS
THROUGH THE LIVING ROOM.
JOEY,
DON'T BE JEALOUS
JUST BECAUSE
SHE CAN DO THINGS
THAT NO MAN HAS
EVER KNOWN BEFORE.
OK, NOW YOU'RE
DISTURBING ME.
IT'S A TELEVISION
THAT LOOKS LIKE IT
ATE A SMALL COUNTRY.
THIS IS THE MOST BLATANT
DISPLAY OF CAPITALISM
I'VE EVER SEEN.
DON'T BE THREATENED
BY SOMETHING
YOU DON'T
UNDERSTAND, JOEY.
I'M GONNA GO GET
THE SALES GUY.
AREN'T THERE BETTER THINGS YOU
CAN BE DOING WITH YOUR MONEY?
WHAT, LIKE FUNDING
YOUR DRUG HABIT?
NOW WE'RE TALKING.
GRATUITOUS PURCHASES
ASIDE,
I'M VERY IMPRESSED
WITH YOU, PACE.
HEY, YOU PUT ANY FOOL
IN A SUIT AND HE CAN
CHANGE THE WORLD.
JUST LOOK
AT TRADING PLACES.
IT'S NOT THE SUITS, AND
IT'S NOT THE HIGH-TECH TOYS.
IT'S HOW YOU GOT YOURSELF
TO THIS PLACE.
I MEAN, LOOK HOW FAR
YOU'VE COME.
NOT TOO FAR, I HOPE.
ARE YOU REALLY WORRIED
ABOUT THAT?
OF COURSE.
I'D LIKE TO THINK
THAT I COULD GET BACK
TO BEING THE PERSON
I USED TO BE,
BECAUSE, IN MY OPINION,
HE WAS ACTUALLY
A PRETTY GOOD GUY.
YOU STILL ARE, PACEY.
LOOK, YOU'VE ALWAYS
BEEN THIS MADCAP GENIUS
JUST WAITING
FOR POTENTIAL TO KICK IN.
IT JUST SO HAPPENED
TO KICK INTO OVERDRIVE.
I'M VERY PROUD OF YOU.
THANK YOU.
THAT MEANS A LOT
COMING FROM YOU, JO.
BUT...
IF YOU THINK I'M GONNA
SIT IN YOUR APARTMENT
AND PAY HOMAGE TO THAT THING,
YOU'RE SORELY MISTAKEN.
YOU GOTTA COME TONIGHT.
IT'S NOT A PARTY WITHOUT
YOU, YOU KNOW THAT.
I KNOW.
BELIEVE ME, I'M COMING.
I MEAN, I'M IN DIRE NEED
OF CHEER AND LIBATIONS
AFTER EDDIE UP AND DECIDED
TO MAKE SOMETHING OF HIMSELF.
YEAH, YOU GOTTA QUIT
WITH THE WHOLE SUPPORTIVE
AND INSPIRATIONAL THING.
IT DOESN'T WORK FOR YA.
I MEAN, SERIOUSLY,
WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?
NOW DON'T MAKE ME REGRET
ALL OF MY SENTIMENTAL PRIDE.
I WON'T.
SO LONG AS
YOU COME TONIGHT.
IT'LL BE GOOD
FOR YOUR SOUL,
AND IT REALLY WOULD
MEAN A LOT TO ME
IF YOU COULD
JUST ACCEPT HER...
OH, GOD.
AS ONE OF OUR OWN.
CLOTHES DON'T FOOL ME.
SAME OLD LOVABLE PUNK.
I'M GONNA
GO CHECK OUT THE iPODS.
BACK WALL, GUYS.
OHHH.
SHE IS AWESOME. WE'RE GONNA
PRAY TO HER EVERY NIGHT.
IT'S A BOX, JACK.
IT'S A BIG BOX,
AND SINCE WHEN HAVE
YOU BEEN SO INTERESTED
IN BIG BOXES?
SINCE PACEY HERE
STARTED SHARING THE WEALTH.
THIS IS NOT GONNA BRING
YOU HAPPINESS, YOU KNOW.
OH, I BEG TO DIFFER.
SEE, DAVID'S HERE RIGHT NOW
TO CHECK OUT THE TV.
OH, SO, WHAT, YOU'RE
GONNA GET LUCKY
WITH THE TELEVISION?
HI.
HEY.
HOLY BIG-SCREEN, BATMAN.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
IT IS BEAUTIFUL.
HAVE YOU BOYS NO CONCERN
FOR THE GENERAL
AESTHETIC QUALITY
OF YOUR SURROUNDINGS?
THIS THING IS SO BIG,
IT COULD BLOCK THE SUN.
SPARE ME THE MANIFESTO,
LINDLEY.
THE QUALITY OF LIFE JUST
WENT UP 10 POINTS IN HERE.
WOULD YA JUST...
GIVE THE OLD GIRL A CHANCE?
I'M SURE THAT SHE WILL
IMPRESS YOU WITH HER SKILLS.
THE--THE STRENGTH OF THE
SOUND THAT COMES OUT OF HER,
IT JUST--
IT FEELS LIKE IT'S
ENVELOPING YOUR WHOLE BODY.
OH, IS EMMA'S BAND PLAYING
TONIGHT? I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
NO. THE TV.
LOVE THE TV.
TOUCH THE TV.
AHH.
MOVING ON.
NEXT SUBJECT.
WHY ARE YOU HAVING
THIS PARTY ANYWAY?
I MEAN, YOU AND JACK
HAVE BEEN LIVING HERE
IN PRIVATE SQUALOR
FOR MONTHS NOW.
SQUALOR.
INTERESTING.
WELL, WORK'S BEEN
GOING WELL, AND, UH,
I JUST WANTED
TO SPREAD THE JOY.
SO, LISTEN,
I'M BRINGING C.J.
TO THIS PARTY.
(SIGHS)
C.J., THE DUDE
FROM THE CONCERT.
YES, C.J., THE DUDE
FROM THE CONCERT,
WHOSE FACE YOU INTRODUCED
TO THE BRICK WALL,
WHICH LEADS ME
TO MY NEXT POINT--
COULD YOU POSSIBLY
NOT PUNCH HIM TONIGHT?
I WOULD NEVER.
WELL, THAT'S REASSURING.
UM, BUT I'M GONNA GO NOW,
AND WHEN I RETURN,
I WILL HAVE C.J.,
AND I WILL HAVE ICE.
ICE, WHICH IS FOR DRINKS,
NOT FOR BOYS' BROKEN FACES.
THANKS FOR
THE CLARIFICATION.
HEY. SEE YA LATER
TONIGHT.
TA.
EMMA.
(LAUGHS)
OH, WHAT IN
THE QUEEN'S NAME IS THAT?
THAT IS
TONIGHT'S ENTERTAINMENT
AND EVERY GLORIOUS NIGHT
THEREAFTER.
Jack: THIS IS BERTHA.
NO.
ISN'T SHE PRETTY?
SHE IS NOT PRETTY.
SHE IS AN OVERSIZED HAG
WHO'S TAKING UP
MY PRACTICE SPACE.
DON'T TALK ABOUT BERTHA
LIKE THAT.
WE CAN DISCUSS
REARRANGING LATER.
WHAT--WHAT--
WHAT IN THE QUEEN'S NAME
IS THAT?
(LAUGHS) OH.
SORRY. UM...
THAT'S GUS.
OH.
MY FIANCE.
HOW CAN YOU HELP
YOURSELF TODAY?
HA HA. UM, ACTUALLY
I'M HERE TO--
Audrey: DAWSON LEERY,
YOU ARE A SIGHT
FOR SOBER EYES.
HI!
IT'S GOOD
TO SEE YOU, TOO.
OH, I THOUGHT YOU WERE GONNA
THINK MY MESSAGE WAS A JOKE.
YOU SOUNDED A LITTLE
TOO DESPERATE FOR IT
TO BE A JOKE.
OH, WELL,
THANKS FOR NOT FLAKING,
'CAUSE I KINDA
WOULDA DESERVED THAT.
AH-CHOO!
OH, BUT PLEASE TELL ME
THAT YOU BROUGHT ME
SOME NYQUIL
'CAUSE I CAN JUST NOT
SHAKE THIS PESKY COLD.
THE FIRST STEP
TO GETTING BETTER
IS ALLOWING YOURSELF
TO ADMIT THAT YOU'RE SICK.
THANKS, BETTY.
OK, WELL, IT'S COOL
THAT YOU FORGOT
THE NYQUIL,
WE'LL DEAL
WITH THAT LATER,
BUT PLEASE, FOR THE
LOVE OF JOEY POTTER,
TELL ME THAT
YOU BROUGHT ME
SOMETHING TO READ.
A JANE  MAGAZINE,
HELL, I'D EVEN SETTLE
FOR MARTHA ANYTHING.
ANYTHING BUT THE BIBLE,
ALTHOUGH
IT WAS PRETTY COOL
THE FIRST TIME AROUND.
PEOPLE STEAL
A LOT OF MATERIAL
FROM THE BIBLE.
HAVE YOU
EVER NOTICED THAT?
ARE YOU OK, AUDREY?
YEAH. YOU KNOW,
TRUTH BE TOLD,
I'VE BEEN...SMOKING
A LOT MORE THAN
THE AVERAGE GIRL,
WELL, MORE THAN
THE AVERAGE GIRL WITHOUT
AN EATING DISORDER.
YOU KNOW, THEY KIND OF
ENCOURAGE THAT HERE.
YOU KNOW, THE SMOKING
'CAUSE, LIKE,
THAT'S NOT GONNA
KILL YOU OR ANYTHING.
ANYWAY...BYGONES.
YOU OK, DAWSON?
UH, WELL, SORTA.
I'VE BEEN LIVING IN TODD'S
GUESTHOUSE FOR THE PAST 2 WEEKS,
WHICH HAS BEEN ITS OWN
KIND OF SOBRIETY NIGHTMARE.
UH, WICKED DEAD  IS
GOING STRAIGHT TO CABLE,
WHICH MEANS
TODD WON'T BE DIRECTING
ANYTHING
IN THE NEAR FUTURE
AND I PROBABLY WON'T EVER
GET ANOTHER SHOT AT THIS RATE.
YEAH.
I'M IN REHAB,
DAWSON.
(LAUGHS)
DID YOU REALLY NOT
BRING ME ANY MAGAZINES?
I'M SORRY, I--
DO YOU KNOW
WHO THAT IS?
YEAH. IT'S THE BROAD
I LOST MY CIGARETTES TO
LAST NIGHT
IN POKER GAME.
I REALLY DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
THAT'S TONI STARK.
SHE'S A PHENOMENALLY
SUCCESSFUL PRODUCER.
SHE USED TO WORK FOR SPIELBERG'S
PRODUCTION COMPANY,
THEN SHE LEFT
TO START HER OWN.
SHE'S LIKE A MODERN
HOLLYWOOD LEGEND.
OH, WELL, FINDING THOSE
IS LIKE SHOOTING FISH
IN A BARREL HERE,
SO DON'T BLOW YOUR WAD
ON ONE SIGHTING,
OK, TIGER?
DO YOU--
I MEAN, DO YOU THINK
I COULD LIKE TALK TO HER?
I MEAN--I MEAN, I'D LOVE
TO TALK TO HER,
BUT I DON'T--
I DON'T KNOW.
SHE'S GOT THIS REPUTATION
FOR BEING LIKE
A RENOWNED HARPY.
YOU KNOW, LIKES TO EAT
WELL-MEANING TYPES
FOR BREAKFAST.
WELL, THAT'S PROBABLY
HER DRUNKEN REPUTATION.
I MEAN, SHE'S
GOT NO AMMO HERE,
BUT, HELLO,
WHAT ABOUT ME?
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE
LIKE THE ONLY PERSON
WHO'S BEEN COOL ENOUGH
TO COME VISIT ME HERE,
AND NOW
YOU'RE GONNA DITCH ME?
I'M SORRY.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU'RE
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
LET'S--
LET'S WORK THROUGH
WHAT GOT YOU HERE
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
NO.
LET'S STALK
THE BURN-OUT.
WHOSE PARTY DID
YOU SAY THIS WAS?
I DIDN'T. FUNNY, THAT.
LET'S GO IN.
WAIT. WAIT. WAIT. WAIT.
COME ON NOW.
I'M NOT ONE
FOR SURPRISES.
OK, IT'S MY FRIEND
PACEY'S PARTY.
PA--THAT DUDE
FROM THE CONCERT?
YES, THE DUDE
FROM THE CONCERT,
THE ONE WHO
INTRODUCED YOUR FACE
TO A BRICK WALL.
I GOT A BETTER IDEA.
WHY DON'T WE GO IN THERE,
DROP OFF THE ICE,
GO TO A MOVIE.
THESE ARE SOME
OF MY BEST FRIENDS,
AND IF YOU AND I
ARE GONNA DO THIS,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
GET TO KNOW THEM
SOONER OR LATER,
SO LET'S JUST DO IT,
PLEASE?
HELLO THERE.
NICE TELEVISION.
SEE? I TOLD YOU
IT WASN'T GONNA BE SO BAD.
QUITE THE SHINDIG, PACE.
I'M IMPRESSED.
WHY, THANK YOU.
I OWE IT ALL
TO BERTHA.
Joey: PLEASE TELL ME
YOU DIDN'T NAME THE TELEVISION.
OK.
YOU WANT
A DRINK?
WE HAVE...
WATER, JUICE, COKE,
THE GREEN GUNK THAT
EMMA DRINKS, BEER--
MM, GIMME A DRINK.
SOMETHING FRUITY
AND MIND-NUMBING.
DON'T GIMME THAT LOOK.
WHAT LOOK?
LIKE YOU'RE GOING
TO ASK ME WHO I AM
AND WHAT I'VE DONE
TO JOEY POTTER.
I WAS GONNA DO
NO SUCH THING.
I WAS SIMPLY GONNA
MAKE YOU A DRINK.
AND MAY I SAY THAT
YOU LOOK WONDERFUL TONIGHT.
THANK YOU.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
TIME FOR A SHOWER.
(LAUGHS)
YOU KNOW, I HEARD THAT
THINGS HAVEN'T BEEN GOING
SO GREAT FOR YOU LATELY,
BUT I HAVE CONFIDENCE THAT
YOU'RE GONNA GET THROUGH THIS
BECAUSE YOU ALWAYS DO.
HMM.
YOU KNOW, I'LL
ALWAYS BE THE ONE
TO WAKE UP EARLY,
TAKE THE EXAM,
GET OVER THE BOY,
DRIVE THE ROOMMATE
TO REHAB, RIGHT?
'CAUSE SOMEBODY'S
GOTTA DO ALL THAT,
RIGHT?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE TOMORROW
I WON'T DO IT
AND
SOMEBODY ELSE WILL.
SO JUST WHAT
WOULD YOU DO INSTEAD?
WHAT IS THIS INSTEAD
YOU SPEAK OF?
WELL...
THIS IS A FAIRLY
SAFE PLACE FOR YOU, RIGHT?
SO FEEL FREE.
ENJOY YOURSELF.
ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S THE PLAN.
ALL BETS ARE OFF.
YOU KNOW, I JUST
KEEP WONDERING...
WHEN HE'S GONNA
RETURN TO HIS ART.
I MEAN, HE WAS
REALLY QUITE TALENTED.
MM-HMM.
REALLY?
I HAD NO IDEA
HE WAS INTO
THAT SORT OF THING.
MM-HMM.
REALLY?
OH, MY GOSH.
THAT'S WHAT BROUGHT US
TOGETHER IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WELL...
BEFORE.
I MEAN, YOU'LL THINK
THIS IS FUNNY, BUT...
JACK...
WHEN I FIRST MET HIM...
MM-HMM.
HE WAS...
SHY AND KINDA DORKY.
SERIOUSLY.
(LAUGHS)
I MEAN, TO BE HONEST,
I NEVER WOULD'VE KNOWN
HE LIKED ME,
EXCEPT FOR...
THERE WAS
THAT ONE TIME
I WAS SKETCHING HIM
FOR CLASS...
HE GOT EXCITED.
WAAAAAH.
NO.
(LAUGHING)
OOH, DAWSON,
GO DO IT NOW.
DO WHAT?
I DON'T REMEMBER
COMING UP WITH A PLAN.
JUST FRIGGIN'
GO DO IT!
SLIM PICKIN'S, HUH?
ENTERTAINMENT'S SURE TOUGH
TO COME BY AROUND HERE.
WHAT DO YOU  DO FOR FUN?
ME? I JUST GOT HERE.
WELL, I'D BE GLAD TO
SHOW YOU THE ROPES, UM...
DAWSON.
DAWSON LEERY.
YOU GOT NICE HANDS,
I'M TONI STARK.
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
YOU'RE...A GENIUS.
YEAH.
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
I'M SORRY. YOU PROBABLY
CAME HERE FOR PRIVACY.
NO. ACTUALLY I CAME HERE
TO STOP HAVING FUN,
BUT I LOVE HEARING
HOW GREAT I WAS...
10 YEARS AGO.
YOU PUT IT THAT WAY,
YOU SOUND LIKE YOU WERE
A FLASH IN THE PAN.
SO ARE WE GONNA
GO SOMEWHERE OR WHAT?
UM...
(LAUGHS)
I...UH,
I'M SORRY.
LOOK, THE THING IS
I'M STARTING OUT
IN THE INDUSTRY--
LISTEN, BABY BIRD,
IT'S BAD ENOUGH
TEASING A DRYING-OUT BROAD
WITH YOUR NAUGHTY BITS,
BUT IT'S WORSE
TO TRY AND TALK
ABOUT THE BUSINESS
WITH SOMEBODY
WHO'S CURRENTLY
OUT OF IT.
SEE YA AROUND.
(LAUGHS)
OH, MY GOD.
DAWSON!
(SIGHS)
HEY, HOPE YOU'RE
NOT LOOKING FOR ANYTHING
OF NUTRITIONAL VALUE.
NO. NO.
(SIGHS)
NO. NO. JUST LOOKIN'.
SO IT'S
A GOOD PARTY, HUH?
I THINK
IT'S A GOOD PARTY.
ALL THESE DIFFERENT
TYPES OF PEOPLE MIXING
AND WHAT NOT, AND--
AND THERE'S BEEN
NO PUNCHING IN
OF C.J.'s FACE.
THAT'S GOOD.
I LIKE THAT.
YOU SEEM
A LITTLE JUMPY.
DO YOU, UH, WANT A BEER
OR SOMETHING?
NO, I'M GOIN' THE CLEAN
AND SOBER ROUTE TONIGHT,
TAKIN' ONE
FOR THE C.J. TEAM.
HE DOESN'T MIND IT
WHEN OTHER PEOPLE DRINK.
IT'S NOTHING.
IT'S JUST EASIER THIS WAY.
WHAT, LYING?
NO, IT'S NOT LYING,
I MEAN, IT'S JUST--IT'S--
AND YOU KNOW WHAT,
AND IT'S PROBABLY
REALLY GOOD FOR ME, TOO.
HEY.
HI.
HOW ARE YA, SLUGGER?
DON'T WORRY.
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
YEAH, I NOTICED
THE LACK OF FISTICUFFS.
THANK YOU
FOR BEING NICE TO HIM.
IT'S ACTUALLY EASIER
THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE
'CAUSE IT TURNS OUT
HE'S A PRETTY GOOD GUY.
SO WE KISSED, WE MADE UP,
I OFFERED HIM A DRINK,
AND EVERYTHING'S BEEN OK.
HE REFUSED, RIGHT, WHEN
YOU OFFERED HIM THE DRINK?
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
WHO DOES THAT?
OH, GOD. ALCOHOLICS.
RECOVERING ALCOHOLICS
TEND NOT TO DRINK.
WHAT'S WITH
ALL THE UNDER-AGE
ALCOHOLICS AROUND HERE?
OK.
I GOT IT.
I'M ON
DAMAGE CONTROL,
AND HAVE
YOU SEEN JOEY?
YOU KNOW, C.J.
I JUST--I REALLY THINK
IT'S GREAT
HOW YOU'VE TURNED
JEN AROUND.
BECAUSE BEFORE, BELIEVE ME,
I MEAN, SHE WAS--
SHE WAS
A TROUBLED YOUNG LADY.
SO SHE SAYS.
SHE KILLED A GIRL ONCE.
WHAT?
ABBY MORGAN.
KILLED HER WITH CHAMPAGNE.
NO.
YOU WANT SOME?
NO. NO.
DO YOU WANT SOME?
I'M--I'M--
THIS IS--I'M--
OOOH.
(LAUGHS)
HEY, THERE YOU ARE.
SO...
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE LEAVE THE NICE
MAN ALONE NOW,
SHALL WE?
ABOUT THAT THING
EARLIER, I'M SORRY,
I DIDN'T KNOW.
WHAT?
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
HE SEEMS
LIKE A NICE GUY.
WHAT DOES C.J.
STAND FOR?
COULDN'T TELL YA.
AH, I HOPE THOSE
KIDS WORK IT OUT.
HMM.
PACEY.
EVERYBODY'S
WORKING IT OUT.
JEN AND C.J.,
YOU KNOW,
THAT BRITISH GIRL
AND THAT GROSS GUY.
I'M JUST NO GOOD
AT THIS. I JUST--
I PUSH PEOPLE AWAY.
NO,
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
OH, NO?
THEN WHY DO
THEY GO OUT TO SEA
OR MOVE ACROSS COUNTRY
OR FOLLOW THEIR DREAMS
JUST BECAUSE
I TOLD THEM TO?
THERE'S ALWAYS
SOMETHING BETTER
OUT THERE THAN ME.
WHOA.
I THINK, PERHAPS
YOU'RE LOOKING
AT THIS THE WRONG WAY.
MAYBE IT'S JUST THAT
YOU'RE SUCH AN AMAZING WOMAN,
YOU MAKE THESE GUYS
WANNA BE BETTER MEN.
WELL,
WE'RE NOT TOGETHER.
TRUE ENOUGH.
(CHUCKLES) YEAH.
(SIGHS) YEAH.
WELL, DON'T
YOU LOOK SO GLUM.
WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT MY SUCKY LIFE.
YOURS IS A SUCCESS.
OH.
I FORGOT.
YOU'RE STILL
NOT OVER ME.
(CHUCKLES) REALLY?
OH, REMEMBER?
CHRISTMAS DINNER
FROM HELL?
RIGHT.
THAT WAS ONE OF
AUDREY'S ENLIGHTENED
COMMENTS.
OF COURSE.
YOU'RE STILL
NOT OVER ME.
THAT MUST SUCK.
OH, IT DOES.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
THE HARDSHIPS I GO THROUGH
TRYING TO MAINTAIN
A FRIENDSHIP
WITH A DREAM GIRL
SUCH AS YOURSELF.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
GETS LONELY.
IT DOES. I CRY MYSELF
TO SLEEP EVERY NIGHT,
BUT JACK AND I CUDDLE.
THAT EASES THE PAIN.
HE'S VERY LOVING.
(LAUGHS)
OH, PACE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I AM A GOOD CATCH.
I--I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I MEAN, WHEN DID YOU
STOP GOING TO SCHOOL?
UM...
THE END
OF THE SEMESTER.
THE BAND'S REALLY
TAKING OFF, JACK,
AND I JUST--
I COULDN'T KEEP UP
WITH THE REQUIREMENTS.
WHEN AM I GONNA NEED
TO KNOW THE ORIGIN
OF THE BAROQUE PERIOD
ANYWAY?
IT'S TOTALLY LACKING
INSPIRATION.
TOTALLY.
AHEM.
SO, GUS...
YOU STILL
IN SCHOOL?
NO NEED.
I'M GONNA
BE A ROADIE FOR
THE LITTLE LADY.
(LAUGHS) NO. NO.
HE'S JUST SAYING THAT. NO.
HE'S ACTUALLY, UM,
A VERY BRILLIANT PIANIST.
HE, UM, PLAYS IN A POOL HALL
ON--ON THURSDAY NIGHTS.
IT'S REALLY GOOD STUFF.
WICKED.
YEAH. OK, UM...
ARE YOU SURE YOU THOUGHT
THIS MARRIAGE THING THROUGH?
I MEAN, NO OFFENSE, GUS,
WE JUST MET TONIGHT, BUT, UH,
IT'S MOVIN' AWFUL QUICKLY.
YEAH, THAT'S
SORT OF THE POINT, JACK.
MY VISA RAN OUT AS SOON
AS I QUIT SCHOOL,
WHICH MEANS I HAVE
NO RIGHT TO BE HERE
UNLESS I...
MARRY
SOME YANKEE BASTARD.
ACTUALLY GUS
HAS BEEN VERY AGREEABLE
ABOUT THE WHOLE THING.
HAVEN'T YA, GUS?
RIGHT ON,
BABY MAMA.
SO I'M GOING TO GO, UM,
FETCH SOMETHING TO DRINK.
CAN I GET SOMETHING
FOR ANYONE?
YEAH, I'D LIKE A--
I'D LIKE A BEER.
OK.
AND MAYBE
SOME CHIPS.
AND MAYBE, UH...
MASH THE CHIPS UP
INSIDE A SANDWICH.
OK.
SO...
GUS,
DID YA JUST, YOU KNOW,
OFFER YOUR SERVICES TO HER,
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
IT'S A BIG SACRIFICE JUST,
YOU KNOW, GETTIN' MARRIED
THIS YOUNG AND ALL.
SO--
YEAH, I WAS
LED TO BELIEVE
THAT HAVING
OTHER WOMEN
IN THE BEDROOM
WOULDN'T EXACTLY
BE OFF LIMITS.
PLUS, IT'S
NICE COMPENSATION.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
FREE ROOM AND BOARD,
MAN.
PLUS, SHE SAID
SHE'D COOK FOR ME.
UH...
YEAH, YOU KNOW,
SHE'S NOT EXACTLY A COOK.
UM...
SHE JUST THROWS STUFF
IN A BLENDER,
AND THEN SHE
JUST KINDA HOPES--
WHATEVER, MAN.
SHE'S GOT
A NICE RACK.
YEAH, SHE--
SAY, UH,
ARE YOU TWO GETTING
TO KNOW EACH OTHER?
UNFORTUNATELY.
YEAH, NO,
YOUR OLD MAN'S COOL.
DOESN'T EVEN SEEM
ALL THAT GAY.
YEAH.
OK. UM...
SEE YOU KIDS LATER.
I'M JUST GOING TO--
STAY RIGHT HERE.
Dawson:
ALL RIGHT, WAIT,
WHY ARE WE
STILL DOING THIS?
WEREN'T YOU JUST
BLATANTLY TELLING ME
WHAT A MISERABLE
FAILURE I WAS?
LOOK, DAWSON LEERY,
IF THERE IS ONE THING
I HAVE LEARNED IN REHAB,
WELL, OTHER THAN
SOME KILLER CAT'S CRADLE,
IS THAT YOU HAVE
TO BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.
YOU ARE YOUR OWN
WORST ENEMY AND ALL THAT.
YOU'RE NOT
TOO CONVINCING.
(SIGHS) COME ON.
YOU ARE SO MUCH BETTER
THAN ALL THE WANNABES
I GREW UP WITH.
I MEAN, OK, SO YOU
MADE A COLOSSAL FOOL
OUT OF YOURSELF
IN FRONT OF
SOME PRODUCER.
I SAY...
WHY NOT DO IT AGAIN?
YOU'RE NOT
JUST ENCOURAGING ME
BECAUSE YOU'VE BEEN
IN REHAB FOR A MONTH
AND YOU'RE BORED
OUT OF YOUR MIND,
ARE YOU?
DAWSON,
GIVE A GIRL A BREAK
AND DANCE,
MONKEY, DANCE!
ALL RIGHT, SHE WENT IN
THAT ROOM RIGHT THERE.
OOOH.
HEY, GUYS.
COME ON IN.
DON'T BE SHY.
WE'RE HERE TO HELP.
ACTUALLY,
YOU KNOW, WE'RE--
NO, YOU KNOW WHAT?
HONEY, THIS IS
GONNA BE GOOD FOR US.
COME ON, GUYS,
MAKE SOME ROOM.
THANK YOU.
THANKS.
AAAAAH!
Guys: ONE, TWO...
DO WE REALLY HAVE
TO CO-HABITATE
WITH THIS GUY?
WHOA. WHOA. SHE DIDN'T
MENTION ANYTHING ABOUT THAT.
Guys: ...NINE--
EECH. (LAUGHS) WHOO!
WELL, YEAH, I THINK
IT'S PART OF THE
MARITAL-BLISS DEAL.
I MEAN,
FREE ROOM AND BOARD,
THE OCCASIONAL
UNWANTED GROPING,
IT'S THE ONLY REASON
HE'S DOING IT.
YOU GOTTA
BE KIDDING ME.
WHAT,
YOU'RE SHOCKED?
I--I--I JUST
DON'T GET IT, I GUESS.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
I UNDERSTAND
EMMA'S IN A BIND,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
SHE COULDA SAID
SOMETHING.
AND THIS CREEP.
YEAH, I KNOW.
I MEAN, WHO MARRIES
SOMEONE THEY DON'T LOVE?
THAT KINDA CREEP.
KINDA CREEP THAT'S
KINDA GIVIN' UP HOPE.
WHEN YOU STOP
TO THINK ABOUT IT,
IT REALLY MUST SUCK
TO BE HIM.
SO YOU HAVIN' FUN?
OH, YEAH.
YEAH.
SO YOU'RE DRINKING?
YOU KNOW, I'D BE MUCH
MORE INCLINED TO ANSWER
YOUR QUESTION
IF YOU WEREN'T
LOOKIN' AT ME
LIKE I JUST...KILLED
GRAMS DRUNK DRIVING.
I'M JUST CURIOUS.
WELL, YOUR FRIEND
OFFERED ME A DRINK,
AND IT SEEMED RUDE
TO SAY NO, SO--
SO THAT'S IT?
YEARS OF SOBRIETY
SHOT TO HELL
OVER A QUESTION
OF ETIQUETTE
WITH A GUY WHO THREATENED
TO PUNCH YOU IN YOUR FACE?
I DON'T EXPECT YOU
TO UNDERSTAND.
WELL,
THANK GOD FOR THAT.
NO, I JUST--
I DIDN'T WANT
TO GET INTO IT
WITH A STRANGER.
YOU KNOW...
BUT THANKS
FOR TELLING HIM,
INCIDENTALLY.
TELLING HIM WHAT?
THAT I DON'T DRINK,
APPARENTLY.
NOW HE'S APOLOGIZING
TO ME
LIKE I'M DYING
OR SOMETHING.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
IT IS A DISEASE.
I KNOW THAT,
JEN.
I, UH,
I TRAINED YOU.
REMEMBER?
Y-YEAH, NO,
I KNOW. I KNOW,
SO WHY IS THIS
COMING UP?
BECAUSE FOR AS LONG
AS I'VE KNOWN YOU,
YOU'VE OPERATED ON
A CERTAIN SET OF RULES
TO THE POINT WHERE I DIDN'T
THINK THAT A DAY WOULD GO BY
IF YOU WEREN'T STICKING
TO THE C.J. PLAN.
WELL, DID IT
EVER OCCUR TO YOU
THAT MAYBE I REALIZED
I WAS TOO STRICT
WITH MYSELF?
THAT MAYBE I WOULDN'T
EVEN BE HERE RIGHT NOW
IF I WAS STICKING TO
THE SO-CALLED C.J. PLAN?
WELL, IF
THIS IS GONNA HAPPEN,
THEN MAYBE YOU
SHOULDN'T BE HERE WITH ME.
WHY? BECAUSE
I'VE BEEN SITTING HERE
FOR THE PAST HOUR
CONSIDERING ON WHETHER
OR NOT TO TAKE A DRINK?
I'D BE MORE CONCERNED
ABOUT YOUR FRIEND JOEY
OVER THERE.
SHE TRIED TO TELL ME
YOU KILLED SOMEBODY.
WAIT, I'M SORRY,
SO YOU--YOU
HAVEN'T BEEN DRINKING?
OH, IS THAT GONNA
MAGICALLY CHANGE
ALL THE CONCLUSIONS
YOU JUST JUMPED TO?
WELL, YES.
WELL, IT DOESN'T
WORK THAT WAY, JEN.
YEAH, I'VE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT IT,
FINE.
JUST LIKE
I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT TRYING SOME
NORMALCY WITH YOU,
BUT APPARENTLY
YOU FIND THAT
WILDLY INSULTING.
NO. NO, LOOK,
I JUST DON'T WANT--
I JUST DON'T WANT
WHATEVER HAPPENS BETWEEN US
TO BE DETRIMENTAL
TO EITHER OF US.
ARE YOU TRYING TO GET
OUTTA SOMETHING HERE?
IF YOU ARE,
JUST TELL ME.
NO, I AM NOT TRYING
TO GET OUT OF ANYTHING.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT I'M GETTING INTO.
WELL, THEN
WHY ARE YOU MAKING EXCUSES
FOR WHY THIS WON'T WORK?
I MEAN,
IT'S PRETTY HYPOCRITICAL
GIVEN OUR HISTORY, ISN'T IT?
Counselor:
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
(SOUTHERN ACCENT)
MY NAME IS PINKY.
THEY CALL ME THAT
BECAUSE A FERRET
BIT OFF MY PINKY TOE
WHEN I WAS 10, AND THAT IS
WHEN I TURNED TO THE DRINK.
Counselor: OK.
WHAT IS IT THAT YOU'D LIKE
TO TELL YOUR FRIEND HERE?
OH, HE IS MORE
THAN JUST A FRIEND,
MORE THAN
JUST A COUSIN.
WE GOT MARRIED
REAL YOUNG.
RIGHT AFTER
THE SECOND BABY, WAS IT?
AND THEN
THERE WERE SOME MORE,
BUT I LOST TRACK.
THEY'RE WITH MOM NOW
IN VEGAS,
BUT DAWSON HERE, HE WAS
ALWAYS REAL GOOD TO ME.
EVEN WHEN I BEAT HIM
BECAUSE HE KNEW
THAT I DIDN'T MEAN IT.
HE KNEW IT WAS JUST
THE ALCOHOL TALKIN', RIGHT?
YOU DID DO SOME THINGS
THAT WERE MORE VIOLENT
THAN THAT.
WELL, LIKE WHAT, HONEY?
WELL, HOW 'BOUT THE TIME
YOU DROVE THE CAR
THROUGH THE HOUSE
AND DAMN NEAR
KILLED US ALL?
HE'S RIGHT
ABOUT THE CAR. YEAH.
THERE WERE SOME THINGS
THAT I DID
THAT I PROBABLY WOULDN'T HAVE
IF I WEREN'T DRINKIN'.
WHAT OTHER THINGS,
FINGY?
WELL...
LIKE TELLIN' PEOPLE THINGS
THEY DIDN'T NEED TO HEAR
JUST 'CAUSE I WANTED TO SEE
THE LOOKS ON THEIR FACES.
YOU KNOW, PUSHIN' PEOPLE
AWAY WHO WERE JUST
TRYIN' TO HELP ME.
DAWSON HERE, HE WAS ALWAYS...
REAL QUIET ABOUT IT, THOUGH.
NOT JUDGMENTAL, REALLY,
JUST, YOU KNOW,
KEPT PICKIN' ME UP
OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
AND WHY DO YOU SUPPOSE
HE DID THAT?
I DON'T REALLY KNOW.
I THINK HE'S JUST...
THE KINDA GUY WHO ALWAYS
BELIEVES THE BEST IN PEOPLE.
AND HE DESERVED MORE
THAN JUST...
THE DESTRUCTION
OF HIS PROPERTY, I SUPPOSE.
IT'S OK, THOUGH.
WE CAN FIX THAT.
(WHISPERING)
BUT I COULD'VE
REALLY HURT YOU.
YEAH, BUT I THINK
YOU NEEDED TO HIT
ROCK BOTTOM
BEFORE YOU SNAPPED
OUT OF IT.
YEAH, BUT I DIDN'T
HIT ROCK BOTTOM
UNTIL A COUPLE
OF WEEKS AFTER THAT.
MAYBE YOU JUST NEEDED
TO HIT IT REALLY HARD.
(LAUGHING)
(SOUTHERN ACCENT)
DO YOU THINK...
THAT THERE IS STILL A HOUSE
FOR ME TO COME HOME TO
AFTER ALL THE CONSTRUCTION'S
DONE AND WHAT NOT?
I PROMISE.
OH!
DAWSON,
LET'S HAVE ANOTHER BABY.
(APPLAUSE)
LISTEN, I'M ALL FOR MAKIN'
A MOCKERY OF REHAB,
BUT CAN WE PLEASE
MOVE THIS ALONG?
BLONDIE OVER HERE
IS FROM BEVERLY HILLS,
AND SHE TRIED TO TAKE ME
FOR 2 PACKS LAST NIGHT,
AND HER BOYFRIEND HERE IS,
I DON'T KNOW, A KEY GRIP.
IS THIS TRUE?
ACTUALLY I WAS ASSISTANT
TO THE DIRECTOR.
I ENDED UP DIRECTING
THE RE-SHOOTS MYSELF,
AND, TONI, IF YOU'D ALLOW ME
TO SHOW YOU MY REEL--
OK, THAT'LL BE
QUITE ENOUGH OF THAT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
YOU TWO OBVIOUSLY
DON'T BELONG HERE.
(GASPS)
DO YOU MEAN I'M CURED?
NO, I MEAN YOU'RE
ON DISH DUTY TONIGHT.
I'LL TELL BETTY.
NOW, PLEASE,
LET US CONDUCT
THIS SESSION IN PEACE.
SORRY.
BUH-BYE NOW.
IT WENT WELL.
YOU ARE KIDDING ME
WITH THIS, RIGHT, JOEY?
Joey: I MOST
CERTAINLY
AM NOT.
NOW DON'T BE
A SPOIL SPORT.
COME ON.
OK, FINE, BUT I--I'M
NOT KISSING HIM.
WELL,
WHAT'S FAIR
IS FAIR, RIGHT?
COME ON, GUSTAV,
SPIN.
Joey: NEW RULE--
NO TONGUE.
Jen: NO, NO, NO, NO.
WHAT'S FAIR IS FAIR,
AND DON'T MESS WITH ME
BECAUSE I'VE KILLED BEFORE.
(WHISPERING)
I KNOW.
SEE?
Gus: NO TONGUE?
SCREW THAT.
OK.
WELL?
JACK!
OH.
Joey: WAIT.
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
YOU GUYS GET TO KISS
ALL THE TIME.
WHAT'S THE FUN IN THAT?
NOT TONIGHT. THERE'S
RULES TO BE FOLLOWED, YEAH?
OH, SHUT UP.
David: OK.
UGH, YEAH.
I'M A LITTLE THIRSTY.
DO YOU NEED A--
OK.
YEAH, LET'S.
Joey: OH, HEY, WHOA.
THIS ISN'T LIKE...
7 MINUTES IN HEAVEN.
YOU GUYS
HAVE TO COME BACK.
YOU JUST WANNA KISS JEN.
OK, REGARDLESS,
THEY FORFEIT THEIR TURN.
MMM.
WELL...
♪ DOO-DOO
DOO-DOO ♪
ALL RIGHT.
(WHISPERING)
Lay one on me,
Pace.
OH!
(CRASH)
Pacey:
OH, YOU'RE GONNA DIE!
I JUST--
I JUST WANTED TO SEE
HOW MUCH WEIGHT
IT WOULD HOLD.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!
I DIDN'T--
I WILL KILL YOU.
I WILL KILL YOU FOR THIS!
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!
AH! AH! AH!
AH! AAAAH!
IDIOT!
DON'T WORRY ABOUT THIS.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
NO! NO! NO!
KILL YOU!
WHAT ABOUT
MY STUFF?
OH, I'LL THROW IT
ON THE CURB.
YEAH.
OK, BUT--
THE WEDDING IS OFF.
UM, WE--
WE HAVEN'T
DONE IT YET.
YEAH, I'M AWARE
OF THAT, THANK YOU.
OK.
OH, BERTHA.
(CRYING)
OH, NO.
JEEZ!
(ELECTRICAL SNAPS)
OH, I'M GONNA KILL
THAT LITTLE BASTARD.
WANNA PLAY SARDINES?
(THUD)
SO THEY'RE REALLY GONNA
PUT YOU ON DISH DUTY, HUH?
OH, PLEASE,
THAT'S A GODSEND.
IT GETS ME OUT
OF KUMBAYA-ING
FOR THE NIGHT.
WELL, WHY DID YOU HAVE
TO GIVE US SO MANY KIDS?
WHATEVER!
WHY DID YOU HAVE
TO GET ALL EARNEST
WITH THE BAG LADY
ABOUT THE NATURE
OF THE BIZ?
(LAUGHS)
OHH.
(SIGHS)
YOU KNOW, IT WASN'T
ENTIRELY FICTIONAL,
THE THERAPY SESSION.
I WAS FEELING
LIKE THERE WAS SOME
HARDCORE HEALING
GOING ON IN THERE.
GOOD.
JUST SUCKS YOU HAD
TO GET IN TROUBLE TO DO IT.
DAWSON.
STALKING SOME WOMAN
THROUGH THE HALLWAYS
AND CRASHING
A THERAPY SESSION
WAS MORE FUN THAN I
EVER COULD'VE IMAGINED.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT A RELIEF IT WAS
TO JUST...
NOT TALK ABOUT MYSELF
AND MY PROBLEMS ALL DAY.
AND DARNED IF IT
DIDN'T END UP HELPING
MY PROBLEMS OUT ANYWAY.
HATE WHEN THAT HAPPENS.
I KNOW.
YOU SEEM A LITTLE
LESS SELF-ABSORBED
THAN
WHEN YOU GOT HERE.
YOU BETTER
GET YOURSELF BACK
TO L.A. PROPER FAST.
YEAH, REALLY.
I DON'T KNOW,
I THINK IT WAS
JUST SEEING SOMEBODY
I ADMIRE SO MUCH
GIVE UP ON LIFE
LIKE THAT.
I DON'T KNOW, I MIGHT BE
FLOUNDERING FOR MY NEXT MOVE,
BUT I'M NOT THAT BAD.
DAWSON, I HAVEN'T
GIVEN UP ON LIFE.
I'M TALKING
ABOUT TONI STARK.
OH. RIGHT.
(GIGGLES)
SEE? YOU'RE GOOD.
THE NEXT TIME YOU COME,
YOU BRING ME NYQUIL.
THERE DOESN'T EVEN
HAVE TO BE A NEXT TIME.
YOU'RE
ALMOST OUTTA HERE.
I DON'T KNOW,
IT'S LIKE...
AS MUCH AS
I HATE IT HERE,
I'M SORTA SCARED
MORE OF WHAT'S
BEYOND THE GATE
'CAUSE IT'S ALL
KIND OF A BLUR, BUT...
I DON'T THINK
I LEFT THINGS
ON THE BEST OF TERMS
OUT THERE.
IT CAN ALL
BE JUST LIKE IT WAS.
MINUS THE BAD PARTS.
YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY,
I KINDA
DON'T THINK I CAN,
BUT...
KINDA GLAD
ABOUT THAT.
(GIGGLES)
COME HERE.
(SIGHS) THANK YOU.
BYE.
SEE YA.
SO, UH, YOU REALLY
USED TO GO OUT WITH,
UH, JOEY, HUH?
UH...AHEM.
WHO HAVE YOU BEEN
TALKING TO TONIGHT?
WELL, MAYBE IF YOU
DIDN'T KEEP DITCHING ME
TO GO MAKE OUT
WITH WOMEN--
I WAS JUST PLAYING
BY THE RULES.
BESIDES,
JOEY WAS BEING
VERY...ADAMANT.
WHAT EXACTLY
DID SHE TELL YOU?
NOTHING, REALLY,
BUT I WOULD LOVE
TO SEE YOUR WORK SOMETIME.
(LAUGHS)
OOH, NO, I DON'T--
I DON'T--
I DON'T THINK SO.
AHEM.
BUT I AM SORRY
FOR BEING,
UH, DISTRACTED
TONIGHT.
IT'S JUST THAT,
YOU KNOW,
THIS WHOLE...
GUS BOMB
THAT, UH, EMMA
DROPPED IS JUST
KINDA SHOCKING.
YEAH,
BUT CRISIS AVERTED.
IT'S ALMOST LIKE
IT NEVER HAPPENED.
WELL, I'M JUST WORRIED.
YOU KNOW, I MEAN,
I JUST--I HAD NO IDEA
THAT THINGS WERE
SO DESPERATE FOR HER.
WHAT'S SHE GONNA DO NOW?
HMM.
IT'S A BAD SITUATION,
BUT, YOU KNOW, IT ISN'T
EXACTLY YOUR PROBLEM TO SOLVE.
I MEAN, THERE ISN'T
REALLY MUCH YOU CAN DO
UNLESS YOU WANT
TO GO MARRY HER YOURSELF.
(CHUCKLES)
WAIT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ARE YOU GETTING DRESSED?
WELL, YEAH.
I THINK SOME PEOPLE
WANNA GET IN HERE.
DON'T.
MAKE THEM WAIT.
THEIR COATS
AREN'T THAT NICE ANYWAY.
WELL, YOU'RE THE ONE
ROLLIN' AROUND IN 'EM.
I KNOW. EXACTLY.
OK.
COME HERE.
MMM.
THIS SURE BEATS ARGUING
ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT
I'VE HAD A DRINK.
NO, THAT WAS FUN
FOR A WHILE, TOO.
WELL, YOU WEREN'T
ENTIRELY WRONG.
YEAH, WELL, I WASN'T
ENTIRELY RIGHT, EITHER.
I MEAN...
IT'S YOUR LIFE, YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING WITH IT.
NOT REALLY.
BUT THIS IS PRETTY NICE
RIGHT HERE.
I GOT
NERVOUS TONIGHT...
WHEN I SAW...
PACEY.
REMINDED ME OF
ALL THE--THE DRAMA.
I DON'T KNOW,
I JUST--
I GUESS
I JUST WANTED
TO MAKE YOU HAPPY,
TRY TO BE NORMAL.
I WOULD BE UNHAPPY
IF YOU WERE NORMAL.
BESIDES,
I THOUGHT THAT'S WHAT
I WAS TRYING TO DO.
I HAD THIS PLAN
THAT I WAS
NOT GOING TO HAVE
A DRINK TONIGHT,
AND YOU AND I WERE
JUST GOING TO TALK
ABOUT PHILOSOPHY.
THAT'S NOT NORMAL
PARTY BEHAVIOR.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT
ANY OF THAT STUFF ANYMORE.
I MEAN, I JUST
WANNA...DO THIS.
CAN--CAN WE DO THIS?
THIS?
THINK WE JUST DID,
AND I THINK
SOME COAT OWNERS
AREN'T GONNA
BE TOO HAPPY
WITH THE RESULT.
SERIOUSLY, I--
I DON'T WANNA
DATE THE IDEA OF YOU,
AND I DON'T WANT YOU
TO FALL FOR
SOME FALSE IDEA OF ME.
YOU TRIED FAKING ME OUT
BEFORE, REMEMBER?
YOU'RE NOT
VERY GOOD AT IT.
I KNOW.
WE SHOULD
GET OUTTA HERE.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO SURRENDER THIS COAT
FIRST, YOU KNOW THAT?
NO, THIS IS JOEY'S COAT.
SHE HAS ENOUGH COATS.
COME ON,
LET'S GO GET WASTED.
MMM.
TOTALLY, DUDE.
BYE.
SEE YA, GUYS.
SO, WHERE DO YOU THINK
C.J. AND JEN CAME FROM?
I DON'T EVEN WANT
TO THINK ABOUT IT.
LOOK, I'M SORRY
ABOUT YOUR, UM...
FAILED MARRIAGE
AND EVERYTHING.
YEAH, THANKS, JACK,
THE SYMPATHY IS JUST
OOZING FROM YOUR VOICE.
ALL RIGHT, WELL, BETWEEN
A LOVELESS MARRIAGE
AND--AND GOING HOME,
DON'T YOU THINK
GOING HOME WOULD BE
A LITTLE BIT BETTER?
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
AT LEAST YOU'D
HAVE SOME TIME
TO FIGURE
SOME THINGS OUT.
MY FOLKS ARE GREAT,
DON'T GET ME WRONG,
BUT IT IS
MY MOM'S DYING WISH
TO SEE ME FAIL AT THIS,
AND I JUST CAN'T
GIVE HER THAT SATISFACTION.
YOU KNOW, I'D BE THERE
ONE DAY,
SHE'D HAVE ME
TUTORING THE SLOW KIDS
ON THE TRIANGLE.
IT'S MUSICAL SUICIDE.
I'M NOT LOOKING
FOR LOVE RIGHT NOW.
WHEN I FIND IT,
IT USUALLY KICKS MY ASS.
(CHUCKLES)
AND IF AT SOME POINT
SOME CHRISTIAN BALE TYPE
DOES DESCEND UPON ME,
SO TO SPEAK...
I'LL JUST, UM...
YEAH.
DUMP THE POOR SAP
I MARRIED.
HMM. WELL,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO HAVE
A LITTLE BIT OF PRIVATE
TIME WITH THAT, UH,
CHRISTIAN BALE TYPE
BEFORE I CAN LET YOU
MARRY HIM.
(LAUGHS)
UH-UH.
YOU ACTUALLY, I--I...
I WOULD BE
THE PERFECT HUSBAND.
YOU KNOW, I CAN HELP YOU
CHECK OUT GUYS,
I CAN...MAKE SURE
THEY'RE NOT GAY.
(LAUGHS)
YES, IT IS RATHER A HASSLE
WHEN YOU FIND THAT OUT
LATE IN THE GAME, ISN'T IT?
PLUS, YOU KNOW,
I WOULDN'T BE PAWING YOU
ALL THE TIME LIKE GUS.
WELL, THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
LET'S GET MARRIED, THEN.
LET'S DO IT.
(LAUGHS)
YEAH, UM...
HOW MUCH
HAVE YOU HAD
TO DRINK?
I'M JUST TRYIN'
TO HELP YOU OUT.
I MEAN, WE ALREADY
LIVE TOGETHER, RIGHT?
LOOK, WHY DO YOU
THINK I ASKED GUS?
'CAUSE HE'S A NASTY
LITTLE CREATURE WHO
I DON'T CARE ABOUT.
IT'S EASIER
THAT WAY.
I COULD NEVER ASK
THAT BIG OF A FAVOR
FROM A FRIEND.
I JUST--I COULDN'T.
WELL, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO 'CAUSE...
I'M ASKIN' YOU.
JACK,
YOU ARE TOO GOOD.
WELL, NOT REALLY.
I--I--I DIDN'T
GET YOU A RING OR--
THAT'S
A GOOD POINT!
NO, YOU ARE. YOU ARE
TOO GOOD FOR THAT.
I COULDN'T.
(SIGHS)
I WOULD.
I KNOW.
I KNOW YOU WOULD,
YOU MADMAN.
I WISH I COULD TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF THAT.
NOPE.
I CAN'T RUIN
2 LIVES.
(LAUGHS)
IT'S MY MESS.
I'VE GOT TO FIX IT.
I'VE BEEN
LIVIN' TOO LONG
IN FANTASY LAND.
GO DRY THOSE DISHES.
AND HERE WE ARE.
HOME, SWEET...
ALREADY?
ALREADY. I KNOW,
IT'S A LONG TRIP UP
FROM THE LIVING ROOM.
THAT WAS FUN.
SEE, I'M
A LOVELY DRUNK.
YOU ARE INDEED,
MISS POTTER.
I TALKED TO SO MANY
NEW PEOPLE TONIGHT.
PEOPLE LOVE ME.
AND THEY LOVE IT
WHEN YOU TELL THEM
YOUR FRIENDS'
DIRTY LITTLE SECRETS.
HUH?
NOTHING. NEVER MIND.
IT WAS A WONDERFUL
PARTY, PACEY.
UNTIL ALL
THE SMASHES AND STUFF.
YEAH, THE SMASHING
WAS NOT SO GOOD.
I'M SORRY ABOUT
THE TELEVISION THING.
IT'S OK. IT HAPPENS.
AND I PROBABLY
WAS GETTING A LITTLE
TOO ATTACHED.
CAN'T HAVE THAT.
NO.
BUT I'M GLAD
YOU HAD A GOOD TIME.
YOU DESERVED IT.
AND YOU ARE A LOVELY
AND WISE DRUNK,
MISS POTTER.
WHAT YOU SAID
EARLIER WAS RIGHT.
I NEVER DID.
HOW COULD I?
JUST LOOK AT YOU.
YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE
WE NEVER DID?
YOUR TURN NOW.
SWEET DREAMS, JOEY.